are you people whose I don't so it's the
taste test in the old Cooper's horn bro
that made three so it's no leaks a
stubble is clearly and I'll be able to
see it Stoll is clear in a bottle and it
feels his efforts being carbonate it
gives it the balls move signaling when
your players that so we'll get it all
and see here we go on so it's you know
no combination on it as you can see the
balls yeah those smells re yes yep here
we pour know if you donít he's with our
people I don't think she can see it now
late but it's like solar that that's not
gonna late i'll eat brownies out a color
what smell smells lovely baby smells
what icarly so i smelling up so i sort
of for me he'd put his foot there he
seems to be disappeared in Korea rapidly
but I saw caramel II saw a molle smell
sweet smell smell squeenix it smells
like Newcastle Brown Ale they tell the
Tiffin obviously its doors darkest of
newcastle brown ale but still we're not
playing obtain get over you late you'll
see behind it so it all looks like so
people try my best with a slight I've
gotten my phone so if you can see it so
yeah that's an actual car there I saw a
brainy on jamboree shot a color as you
can see ya once it's not like oh I'll
get it to you know it's a lot so let it
be showing you a net when it to hang me
thought there would be of captain as
iCarly on the interview you can easily
see any oh I am I I've actually be
mighty tight ass freeway in theory it's
new Mundy advice i'll head up by a cold
like a nice meal not in the Heather but
I saw float so i was wondering a cleared
up about socket taste that bad
I mean but I'm not too bad no so Gary
taste and its paucity the one gets set
on the boat with available taste so okay
we have a bar see how it to issue with
more people I'm gonna show many people I
cannot believe up I can't believe I a
beer cap it abilities lot fuck your
lovely jubbly how are we fucking tired
I'll tell you what it was well worth the
wait and I look at neon I stole my ID
fucking by that and I'm not kidding yes
well don't add fucking written by that
beer it's like I saw a car Mele remotely
sweet taste that is the way it smells
away is the way it is a sort of
bottomless the fat loss is but on this
is fucking lovely well it's honesty
honesty God people you need good and by
that I'm locating your honor if you're
ready horn bruise get your answer and
bite us because it's fucking Dana me I'm
locating you I similarly are blown at a
Newcastle Brown Ale know is dark but it
does taste like a Newcastle Brown Ale
House from Sydney smoked it's clear or
Stoke carbonation those bubbles gonna
pop this idea fucking the heat retention
is not too bad you go see if you saw a
little early but a little asian on the
glass this is half a beer cap that I've
made myself that's just what offer the
top you can t fucking folded people i
think it's like five percent or maybe
5.55 half percent or sauna we can you
can t go right fuck sick if the Lord
happy Michael bloody cat on the idea is
just buy em if i want to do this again
watch i will be then they
infinitely after I product live after
wanna do is good and by then or their 10
the actual the beer cap and bail out my
brain chuckles and by carbonation tops
and on it is just watch the balls it
that's me fucking on a roll ain't got
500 mobile koozies rate so I'm getting
fit 500 mobiles actual brewing process
had to take a few samples of a bit more
like Jacob because I had the early
carrot so checking hydro mile reading
square used to make sure it was leaf on
Maidan than that but back at money some
people work any fault Italy anyway I
smell down what offer the top brown
sugars I bring a BF cap and carbonation
drops and you get up I can't believe it
I would definitely didn't buy that beer
definitely it's no but when it was then
when I was getting high drama reading
that was like I saw a house but on this
T staffer but it's a way this does
definitely obviously was about that on
this because it's an eel but the
harshness it the Houston establish
tasting and hide on or even psych
entities to any mail sorts what I'm i
saw a better nice water but it's like I
said to see so I bet on this it's not
like a fucking horrible balances I sent
to see bet on this like sorta calmly
more with this and it's sweet so sweet
be discreet sweet as well but definitely
fucking woof woof the way when I mean
definitely some medalist shit here we go
the only people i would definitely and
all had to be better yet problem in a
look at all that but i need is have a
real good cooling you fame to have
people people help you along the way now
I mean it's just so fucking YouTube
there's at all I'm gays it did that in
horn blows and things like just fucking
read every comment not comment section
and a fucking it is it's what I seat ask
me something I'll get back tees not mean
but I so I've had to help along the way
and it's something up in my idea for
heels if its top of it will so
fucking going back now obviously only
future i'll be doing definite definite
bills or bidding kooples do all sorts of
beers kept see it I can't even it used
to start after there was like it was
like a dark keel hang me a Darth kill I
really owe a lagger I stoked because the
stress that much snow does like Canadian
blonde and all that was like three month
if you're only filming and a meeting
horn blows definitely i have a vlookup
online and you see that you'll see the
Ranger product I've got and they'd be
home bro short block away we'll get the
man for me if I need them or I can you
saw that online now I mean so hey your
people fucking home brown as a way to go
for me definitely enemy so cheers people
fucking lovely jubbly sees only a pc